						Name: Venkata Likhith Kodali
						GNumber: G01406932
						SWE 642 Assignment-1

	•	One well-known object storage solution offered by Amazon Web Services (AWS) is Amazon Simple Storage solution (Amazon S3). 
    It provides developers, businesses, and individuals with scalable and dependable storage infrastructure so they may store and retrieve an infinite amount of data via the internet. 
    Scalability, dependability, durability, security, object metadata, lifecycle management, and tagging are just a few of Amazon S3's salient characteristics.

	•	Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) is another web service of AWS that allows users to rent virtual computers, known as 'Instances', to run their own applications.

The procedures listed in this documentation are to:

	1.	Using HTML5, CSS, and the Bootstrap CSS framework, create a webpage and collect data about the Computer Science (CS) department, including a survey form. 
    Configure and use AWS S3 and EC2 to host the website.

Part-1: Deploying a Website on AWS S3

	Step1: Create a Student Class Web Page
               	To develop the Student Class webpage, I used various templates that were available.

	Step2: Log in to AWS
                      Open the AWS Management Console and log in. Choose S3 from the services
                      dropdown menu. Make sure the region is set to your current location before
                      selecting the option to create a new bucket. Next, send the subsequent files to
                      the S3 bucket:
	⁃	index.html
	⁃	csdept.html
	⁃	survey.html
	⁃	Likhith_Kodali.jpeg

	Step3: Access the Webpage
		   Go to the S3 bucket's Properties tab after uploading the files. Make a copy of the endpoint URL, which leads to your website. Here's the URL (URL 1) to my website.
           ( http://likhithportfolio.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/?email=likhithkodali%40gmail.com# ).


Part2: Deploying a Website on AWS EC2

	Step1: Log in to AWS and Launch an EC2 Instance
		   Open the AWS Management Console and log in. Make sure to pick Launch Instance from the services menu. Launch a fresh EC2 instance after making sure the region is set to your present location. 
           For a web server, select an appropriate Amazon Machine Image (AMI), such as Ubuntu or Amazon Linux 2, and set up the networking, storage, and instance type.

	Step2: Connect to your EC2 Instance
		    After launching the instance, use SSH to connect to it.

	Step3: Deploy your Website
		    Transfer your website files to the EC2 instance using SCP or SFTP.
	
	Step4: Access your Application
		    To visit your deployed website, use the public DNS or IP address of the EC2 instance. Below is the URLs (URL 2&3) to my website.
	⁃	http://ec2-18-220-46-48.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com/home 
	⁃	http://ec2-18-220-46-48.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com/survey 


